README.md, before:

# Yii2 inblank/sortable

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/inblank/yii2-sortable/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/inblank/yii2-sortable)
[![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/inblank/yii2-sortable.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/inblank/yii2-sortable)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/?branch=master)
[![Code Quality](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/?branch=master)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inblank/yii2-sortable/master/LICENSE)

> **[Русская версия](https://github.com/inblank/yii2-sortable/blob/master/README_RU.md)** этого документа доступна [здесь](https://github.com/inblank/yii2-sortable/blob/master/README_RU.md).

Behavior `yii2-sortable` for Yii2 allows manage sorting in ActiveRecord models.

## Installation

The preferred way to install this extension is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Navigate to the project folder and run the console command:

```bash
$ composer require inblank/yii2-sortable
```

or add:

```json
"inblank/yii2-sortable": "*"
```

to the `require` section of your `composer.json` file.

## Configuring

## Usage

Commit message:

Change behavior class name to SortableBehavior. Improve READMEs.

README.md, after:

# Behavior for Yii2 to support sorting in ActiveRecord models

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/inblank/yii2-sortable/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://travis-ci.org/inblank/yii2-sortable)
[![Packagist Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/inblank/yii2-sortable.svg?style=flat-square)](https://packagist.org/packages/inblank/yii2-sortable)
[![Code Coverage](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/coverage/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/?branch=master)
[![Code Quality](https://img.shields.io/scrutinizer/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/master.svg?style=flat-square)](https://scrutinizer-ci.com/g/inblank/yii2-sortable/?branch=master)
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/inblank/yii2-sortable/master/LICENSE)

> **[Русская версия](https://github.com/inblank/yii2-sortable/blob/master/README_RU.md)** этого документа доступна [здесь](https://github.com/inblank/yii2-sortable/blob/master/README_RU.md).

Behavior `yii2-sortable` for Yii2 allows manage sorting in ActiveRecord models.

## Installation

The preferred way to install this extension is through [composer](http://getcomposer.org/download/).

Navigate to the project folder and run the console command:

```bash
$ composer require inblank/yii2-sortable
```

or add:

```json
"inblank/yii2-sortable": "*"
```

to the `require` section of your `composer.json` file.

## Configuring

## Usage
